crime the city was full of it TV
desperate measures where needed want you
to go to the police again honey don't
worry
desperate measures we're taken the mayor
says we have to take this riffraff I'm
trapped here oh yes we all what about
guns when do we get guns
you will be schooled in firearms police
procedures know from laws and many many
other things
high-speed try
I need a volunteer police academy where
did you get this gun mom gave it to me
there leave me as radio buddy I can turn
it down um see each and every one of
them striving to defend you make me sick
thank you sir I make everybody sick
let's see the thighs or up end come on
come on and got all day the thighs now
that they're ready for the real world
prior is no longer a number-one problem
they are can you get my kitty cat out of
the tree
no problem ma'am
police academy